I don't deserve this from you
You are the most important person to me
See if you two can make eye contact?
Fuse in the feelings a little more?
He's going to wash for you
Do you two have post-renal sincerity now?
I see why you both have kidneys in your eyes
Kidney pride?
Hey, let's do it again, okay?
Do it again.
I finished reading the script
It seems that both men love me
But in fact
My so-called heroine is a fat gray
Oh, Miss, you are the best
Ouch oops
Drink some water to calm down
I'm going to talk to them.
Wait for me.
I warn you
Stay away from Euler
The person Euler likes is me
No, where did you get that confidence?
If you hadn't stepped in
Will Euler look at you?
I'm Hula, wait for me
I'm not doing this play
Miss Tiger Wolf Oleo
You have to think clearly
Breaking the contract requires compensation.
I, Euler, never give too much to anyone
What's more, I haven't signed the contract for this play yet
Euler, didn't you say
I am the best male protagonist in your heart.
Euler, you are my only heroine.
Why is my head so dizzy?
Euler Euler Euler